docs: add v5.0 release notes (#1600)
regen-network/regen-ledger: RELEASE_NOTES.md

With message-based governance proposals, any message can be submitted within the proposal to be executed on behalf of the `gov` module. Using the `authz` module alongside message-based governance proposals, it's now possible for a governance proposal to be submitted that would authorize another account to execute a specific message on behalf of the `gov` module account. The other account could be a group account representing a group of individuals that have expertise related to the state being managed. For example, a community staking DAO made up of a group of scientists could be granted authorization to add credit types and credit types could then be added via the voting process of the group.

> All governance parameters within the `ecocredit` module have been updated to support message-based governance proposals. The `data` module does not include any governance parameters. All other application modules that are imported and that include governance parameters can be updated with what are now considered "legacy" proposals.

Author: ```suggestion
All governance parameters within the `ecocredit` module have been updated to support message-based governance proposals. The `data` module does not include any governance parameters. All other application modules that are imported and have not yet been updated to support message-based governance proposals continue to work the same with what are now called "legacy" proposals.
```

For more information about fee middleware, check out the [fee middleware documentation](https://ibc.cosmos.network/main/middleware/ics29-fee/overview).

## Additional Changes

### SDK Module Manager

Regen Ledger has historically been using a custom module manager within the application wiring. Regen Ledger `v5.0` migrates from the custom module manager to the latest version of the Cosmos SDK module manager and updates the `ecocredit` module and `data` module accordingly.

### gRPC Error Codes

A community member reported that the gRPC error codes for queries were not being reported correctly, in some cases the error code was `Unknown` and in other cases the error code did not match the standard gRPC error codes. Not all projects building on Regen Ledger will use the error messages provided by Regen Ledger and may choose to create their own error messages based on the error codes returned. To ensure we are providing a good developer experience, we have fixed and updated gRPC error codes to return the expected gRPC error codes.

### Experimental Build

> Following Regen Ledger `v4.0`, and now with Regen Ledger `v5.0`, all experimental features that were being developed within the Regen Ledger codebase have been stablilized and included in the stable application build. The experimental application build option has therefore been removed. We will consider a separate release that includes CosmWasm that will be used to reboot Hambach Testnet if developers are wanting to experiment with the latest features alongside CosmWasm contracts.

Author: ```suggestion
Following Regen Ledger `v4.0`, and now with Regen Ledger `v5.0`, all experimental features that were being developed within the Regen Ledger codebase have been stablilized and included in the stable application build. The experimental application build option has therefore been removed. We will consider a separate release that includes CosmWasm that will be used to reboot Hambach Testnet if developers are wanting to experiment with the latest features alongside CosmWasm contracts, otherwise Hambach Testnet will continue running with support for CosmWasm contracts on the experimental build of Regen Ledger v4.0.
```
